Testing/README.md, before:

The PHA4GE Wastewater Contextual Data Specification Package provides structured terminology and templates for collecting wastewater data related to SARS-CoV-2 surveillance, AMR detection, and pathogen identification. It includes guidance, examples, and utilizes a validation tool called DataHarmonizer. Developed collaboratively with public health and wastewater experts, it supports data collection, harmonization, and sharing. Users have discretion over its usage and sharing, following organization-specific policies. 

The testing phase aims to ensure utility, applicability, and ease-of-use through community-based assessments, fostering dialogue and improvement. Feedback is encouraged, with users taking part in the PHA4GE sub-grants requested to complete the [feedback form]() with guidance provided in this document. If you are not a part of the sub-grants but are still interested to test the specification, please contact Emma Griffiths emma_griffiths@sfu.ca

Additional training is available upon request. For enquiries, contact datastructures@pha4ge.org.

Commit message:

Add relevant docs
Added worked examples pdf and links to relevant docs elsewhere in repo in the readme.

Testing/README.md, after:

**PHA4GE Wastewater subgrant testing call out**

The PHA4GE Wastewater Contextual Data Specification Package provides structured terminology and templates for collecting wastewater data related to SARS-CoV-2 surveillance, AMR detection, and pathogen identification. It includes guidance, examples, and utilizes a validation tool called DataHarmonizer. Developed collaboratively with public health and wastewater experts, it supports data collection, harmonization, and sharing. Users have discretion over its usage and sharing, following organization-specific policies. 

The testing phase aims to ensure utility, applicability, and ease-of-use through community-based assessments, fostering dialogue and improvement. Feedback is encouraged, with users taking part in the PHA4GE sub-grants requested to complete the [feedback form]() with guidance provided in this document. If you are not a part of the sub-grants but are still interested to test the specification, please contact Emma Griffiths emma_griffiths@sfu.ca. Additional training is available upon request. For enquiries, contact datastructures@pha4ge.org.

To complete training you will need the following documents and tools

***Documents***
- [Curation SOP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQAUwv90ne1eQ8ta3SUU3uM6Dz9oWn6AoMjKfOfdTXu_qyM8MBIYMljFotkMQYVEAoZpKmfbREKsDo5/pub) and [DataHarmonizer SOP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vT8jkHE2IysD4qgGLHDfSlVn7VdvMmb3ZHF2vN35n4x8YJHyGB4XHzFoi_QidyRMYKDPb93aZ9nxMpm/pub)
- [Reference guide](https://github.com/pha4ge/Wastewater_Contextual_Data_Specification/tree/main/Reference%20Guide)
- Worked examples


***Tools***
This specification utilizes the [DataHarmonizer](https://github.com/cidgoh/pathogen-genomics-package/releases). You will need to download the most recent package.
